# RCA Lyra RD2762

The RCA/Thomson Lyra RD2762 (part of the Micro Jukebox family of systems) is an improved model of the RD2760 with a redesigned case and upgraded storage amount.

## Owner/User Manual

You can view the [PDF File](https://sc.voxxintl.com/docs/common/RD2762/RD2762_OM.pdf) from the [RCA Accessories website](https://www.rcaaccessories.com/search/?sku=RD2762).

## Importing Music

> This device only plays MP3 and WMA files. Files of other types must be converted to MP3 or WMA before imported.

Importing music is simple & easy to do.

1. Connect the Lyra to your computer.
2. Open your file manager and navigate to the RCA Lyra device.
3. Open the "Music" folder (or create one if missing)
4. Place your music in the Music folder
5. Once done, unplug.
6. On your Lyra device, open the Menu (done by pressing the "M" button).
7. Choose the "Profile" option to reprofile your device & add all the newly added songs to the library.

And voilà! Your music should now be recognized & ready to play on your device.

## Software

> The software mentioned here only runs on Windows devices natively. You *could* use [WineHQ](http://winehq.org) to run it on POSIX-compatible systems *(Mac, GNU/Linux, etc.)* however there is no guarantee that the software will work.

> **IMPORTANT: Before plugging in your device to use these programs, make sure your Lyra device's USB protocol is MSC. Lyra Applications & Lyra DJ do *NOT* support MTP.** You can change this setting by: opening the Menu (press the "M" button on the device), navigating to Settings, then Advanced, and then switch the protocol being used by pressing the center button.

### Lyra Applications

[Download](https://www.rcaaccessories.com/firmware/exe/RCALyraTrayAppInstall_v1.0.55a.exe) the program from here.

The Lyra Applications program allows the user to check for firmware upgrades, profile your device, verify playlist files, sync music using LyraSync, and open Lyra DJ all from your taskbar.

#### Guide

1. Open the installer file & go through the installer's steps
2. Once finished, open the "Lyra Applications" program from the Start Menu
3. Plug in your Lyra device ***(Read the second disclaimer at the Software header before doing so!)***
4. Check the taskbar for the Lyra Applications icon.
5. Right-click on the icon to open the menu.

And just like that, you have set up the Lyra Applications program!

### Lyra DJ

[Download](https://www.rcaaccessories.com/firmware/exe/LyraDJ.exe) the program from here.

Lyra DJ is an application that allows the user to put their music into a sets, which are playlists that are put inside the `Lyra_Playlists/LyraDJ` folder. LyraDJ uses *"advanced acoustical analysis"* to put your songs into organized sets that *"you can listen to and enjoy."*

#### Guide

1. Open the installer file & go through the installer's steps
2. Once finished, open the "Lyra DJ" program from the Start Menu
3. Plug in your Lyra device ***(Read the second disclaimer at the Software header before doing so!)***
4. Wait for Lyra DJ to check your device
5. If needed, press the *"Analyze Device"* button for it to analyze your device & check your music
6. In the "Create Your DJ Sets" section, you can select the reccomended number of sets or choose your own amount of sets.

And now you know how to use the Lyra DJ application.
